[docs] Add a section on Rust debugging to the Rust guide (#592)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/languages/rust.md

#### Better TOML
![TOML Syntax highlighting example](../images/feature_syntax_highlight.png)

Better TOML adds syntax highlighting to your `Cargo.toml`. To install Better TOML to your repository, add the following to your [.gitpod.yml](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) file:

```yaml
vscode:
  extensions:
    - bungcip.better-toml@0.3.2:3QfgGxxYtGHfJKQU7H0nEw==
```

## Debugging

In this section we will show you how to configure your project for debugging in Gitpod.

First, before we get to that we need to get some prerequisites set-up first we'll add the needed extension

> If you havn't added extensions to your repoository already add the following snippet to your [.gitpod.yml](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't added extensions to your repository already add the following snippet to your [.gitpod.yml](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) file:
```

Reviewer: Also maybe it would be better to reference the name of the extension here.

Author: It is any extension at all this is to prevent the accidental creation of duplicate keys

> First, before we get to that we need to get some prerequisites set-up first we'll add the needed extension
> 
> If you havn't added extensions to your repoository already add the following snippet to your [.gitpod.yml](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) file:
> 
> ```yaml
> vscode:
>   extensions:
>     - webfreak.debug@0.24.0:1zVcRsAhewYEX3/A9xjMNw==
> ```
> 
> If you already added a extension just add the following below your other extensions.
> 
> ```yaml
>     - webfreak.debug@0.24.0:1zVcRsAhewYEX3/A9xjMNw==
> ```

Reviewer: I think there is no need for differentiating if you have not added an extension then do x if you did maybe just keep it consistent like it is in the above sections. I think this is already very self-explanatory 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46004116/80265707-dc34c280-86b1-11ea-8b31-41f7146b96bb.png)

Maybe rephrase this to something like the following:

```suggestion
First, before we get to that we need to get some prerequisites set-up first we'll add the [Native Debug](https://github.com/WebFreak001/code-debug) extension for adding it just put the following snippet in your [.gitpod.yml](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) file:

```yaml
vscode:
  extensions:
    - webfreak.debug@0.24.0:1zVcRsAhewYEX3/A9xjMNw==
```

Reviewer: I think it's ok to have it @JesterOrNot please ignore the above comment. I'll mark it as resolved.

The last prerequisite is a docker configuration.

If you already have a [.gitpod.Dockerfile](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-docker/) just add the following:

```Dockerfile
RUN sudo apt-get -q update \
    && sudo apt-get install -yq \
        libpython3.6 \
        rust-lldb \
    && sudo rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*

ENV RUST_LLDB=/usr/bin/lldb-8
```

If not there are two steps first create a file called `.gitpod.Dockerfile` with the following content:

```Dockerfile
FROM gitpod/workspace-full

USER gitpod

RUN sudo apt-get -q update \
    && sudo apt-get install -yq \
        libpython3.6 \
        rust-lldb \
    && sudo rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*

ENV RUST_LLDB=/usr/bin/lldb-8
```

Next add the following to your [.gitpod.yml](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) file:

```yaml
image:
  file: .gitpod.Dockerfile
```

Now that thats out of the way, here is a video on how to configure the debug configuration

![Rust debugging example](../images/RustDebug.gif)

So, basically in this video we:

> 1. Then, go to the debug menu and select "Add Configuration..."

Reviewer: I'm not good at English but is this really supposed to start with a "Then" I was not expecting it to be there.

 ```suggestion
1. Go to the debug menu and select "Add Configuration..."
```
